chore: maven build refactoring (#584)
questdb/questdb: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Setup Java and JAVA_HOME

> JAVA_HOME is require by Maven. It is possible to have multiple version of Java on the same platform. Please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JAVA_HOME is required by Maven. It is possible to have multiple version of Java on the same platform. Please
```

> set up JAVA_HOME to point to Java 11. Java versions above or below may not work. If you are new to Java please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set up JAVA_HOME to point to Java 11. Other versions of Java may not work. If you are new to Java please
```

> check JAVA_HOME is pointing to the root of Java directory. For example, I installed Java here `C:\Users\Vlad\dev\jdk-11.0.8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check that JAVA_HOME is pointing to the root of Java directory: `C:\Users\me\dev\jdk-11.0.8` and *not* `C:\Users\me\dev\jdk-11.0.8\bin\java`.
```

> JAVA_HOME needs to be `C:\Users\Vlad\dev\jdk-11.0.8` and *not* `C:\Users\Vlad\dev\jdk-11.0.8\bin\java` however tempting this is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
